0.  It is an artificial long word said to mean "lung disease caused by inhaling very fine silica ash"

1.  getrusage returns resource usage for the calling process (self, children or thread)

2.  In struct rusage there are 16 members, though not all are used

3.  before and after are passed by reference because passing by value would create copies of these structs
    in memory and therefore could potentially lead to stack overflow

4.  The for loop in the main() function is initialized with int c = fgetc(fp); which then
    sets the value of c equal to the first character returned by fgetc(fp), fgetc will
    return the next character(starting from the first) from the file stream it is pointed to ( in this case the file opened
    is the text file that we had passed to the CL) c is then checked gainst the EOF character
    (which is the termination condition, meaning we have reached the end of the file and that
    there are no more words to check) c is once again set to equal to fgetc(fp) thus the loop will
    cycle through all the words contained in the text file until the EOF character is found.
    The function will the perform logic operations using if statements to check if the characters
    returned are indeed alphanumeric ( using isalpha(c) ) or if an apostrophe is found ( \'
    is used so that apostrophe's are not skipped over, and also an additional condition
    is that an apostrophe cannot be the first element via ( index >0). If the condition is true
    that character is passed to an array that will continuously increment until either the EOF character
    is reached or the length of the word is bigger than the constant defined at the start of the program.
    If the EOF is reached, the index is set to 0 so that a new word can be checked. Another if statement
    checks for words with numbers via the (isdigit(c)) function and if true will set the index to 0 again,
    signaling the start of a new word. If the word does not contain a number and if the index is greater than
    0 then a new word has been found and the word counter is updated, the \0 array is written to our word
    array to signify that the end of the string has been reached. At this point the spelling of the word
    along with the resource usage / runtime is checked, printing the mispelled word if it is mispelled
    and setting the index to 0 at the end to prepare for a new word.

5.  Using fgetc presents 2 advantages, one it can check each character and can ignore bad input
    character by character whereas using fscanf will lose the entire word if it reaches bad input
    and second it could cause problems when spellchecking because when comparing strings one needs
    to remember that a string is a pointer to the first char of that string.
    Another difference is that fgetc reads the whole line (including space) and fscanf reads
    until it encounters blankspace and ignores it therefore how the file we are reading from is formatted
    can be considered an important factor.

6.  They are passed as constants so that neither the pointer nor what is being stored into the pointer
    can be modified at any point. It might also help pinpoint errors at compile time
